refactor: update stack with component-rollup-config (#7)
ovh-ux/ng-uirouter-title: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to angular-uirouter-title

This project accepts contributions. In order to contribute, you should
pay attention to a few things:

1. your code must follow the coding style rules
2. your code must be unit-tested
3. your code must be documented
4. your work must be signed (see below)
5. you may contribute through GitHub Pull Requests

# Coding and documentation Style

> Refer to [https://github.com/ovh-ux/eslint-config-ovh](https://github.com/ovh-ux/eslint-config-ovh)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [eslint-config-airbnb-base](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/tree/master/packages/eslint-config-airbnb-base)
```

# Submitting Modifications

The contributions should be submitted through Github Pull Requests.

# Licensing for new files

> ovh-angular-contracts is licensed under a BSD-3-Clause license. Anything

Reviewer: ```suggestion
angular-uirouter-title is licensed under a BSD-3-Clause license. Anything
```

> contributed to ovh-angular-contracts must be released under this license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contributed to angular-uirouter-title must be released under this license.
```
